Introduction:
Fresher aims to simplify the process of setting up a ready-to-work environment on a fresh Ubuntu installation. 
Inspired by Omakub, it provides a streamlined, opinionated setup that includes essential 
tools and configurations to create a modern, efficient, and visually appealing workable system. 
By running a single command, developers can bypass the tedious process of manual configuration 
and stay updated with the latest tools.

Key Features:

    Single Command Setup:
        Fresher installs and configures a complete web development environment with just one command, 
        saving time and effort.

    Inspired by Omakub:
        Leveraging the principles and efficiency of Omakub, 
        Fresher ensures a polished and robust setup.

    No Bespoke Configs Required:
        Avoid the need for custom configurations for each tool. 
        Fresher's opinionated setup handles everything.

    Essential Tools Included:
        Includes a curated selection of essential tools for a ready-to-work environment, 
        ensuring you have what you need right from the start.

    Staying Updated:
        Regular updates ensure that your environment remains current 
        with the latest command-line tools and best practices.

Tools and Configurations Provided:

    Package Managers: APT, Snap, NPM
    Version Control: Git, GitHub CLI
    Programming Languages: Node.js, Python, Ruby
    Text Editors and IDEs: Visual Studio Code, Vim
    Web Browsers: Firefox Developer Edition, Chromium
    Containerization: Docker, Docker Compose
    Database Tools: MySQL, PostgreSQL
    Multimedia Tools: Kdenlive, OBS Studio, OpenShot, GIMP
    Others: Zsh with Oh My Zsh, tmux, curl, wget

Installation Guide:

    Prepare Your System:
        Start with a fresh installation of Ubuntu.
        Ensure your system is connected to the internet.

    Run the Fresher Command:

    wget -qO- https://fresher.juma.com.ng/install | bash

    Follow On-Screen Prompts:
        The script will prompt you for necessary inputs and guide you through the setup process.

    Complete the Setup:
        Once the installation is complete, restart your system to apply all changes.

Customization:

    While Fresher provides an opinionated setup, it also allows for post-installation customization. 
    Modify configurations or install additional tools as per your preference.

Conclusion:

Fresher is designed to streamline the setup process for different Ubuntu users, 
offering a comprehensive, up-to-date, and visually appealing development environment. 
By reducing setup time and ensuring consistency, Fresher allows:
developers to focus on what they do best: coding.
researchers to focus on what they do best: researching.
designers to focus on what they do best: designing.
and many more... 

git remote add origin https://github.com/MuhammadAKJ/r.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main